Release note 1.26.0 (#12336)
Samsung/ONE: docs/release/1.26/release-note-1.26.0.md

# Release Note 1.26.0

## ONE Compiler

- Support more Op(s): HardSwish, CumSum, BroadcastTo

> - Support more optimization option(s): `decompose_softmax`, `decompose_hardswish`, `FuseSliceWithTConv`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support more optimization option(s): `decompose_softmax`, `decompose_hardswish`, `fuse_slice_with_tconv`,
```

>     `fuse_mul_with_conv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `fuse_mul_with_conv`, `remove_unnecessary_add`, `fuse_horizontal_fc_layers`, `common_subexpression_elimination`,
    `remove_unnecessary_transpose`
```

- _one-quantize_ supports more option

>   - Requantization option that requantizes given model with different data types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Requantization option to convert TF2-quantized int8 model to uint8 model (--requantize)
```

>   - AMPQ option that finds high-quality mixed-precision configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add a new option to automatically find mixed-precision configuration (--ampq)
```

>   - Saving min/max option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Support a new option to save calibrated min/max values (--save_min_max)
```

> - Introduce _q-implant_ that writes quantization parameters and weights into the circle model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new parameters for moving average calibration (--moving_avg_batch, --moving_avg_const)
- Introduce _q-implant_ that writes quantization parameters and weights into the circle model
```
